[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is the Alienware 13 it's
been updated for the end of 2016 it's a
complete redesign 21 percent thinner GTX
10 series cards and it's finally running
a quad-core CPU so it starts at $1,200
the top and bottom panels have the same
color as before they're now aluminum but
it still has the iconic alien head logo
the screen hinge is shifted forwards a
bit I didn't love the design at first
because it looks so different from most
laptops these days but it's grown a lot
on me over the past couple of weeks and
I liked it the build quality in this is
top-notch display panel and the chassis
are both rigid hinge is well made with
good tension it's thinner than the
previous generation but it's not light
so Alienware focuses more on long-term
durability they even use steel under the
keyboard to reinforce it that's some
heavy stuff so I would legitimately feel
comfortable dropping this thing from
like 6 feet up you can easily access the
internals the killer Wi-Fi card is
upgradable but it's running one of the
better ones out there there's two RAM
slots you can upgrade it to 32 gigs and
you also have 2 m2 Drive bays the stock
drive from Toshiba has good speeds the
76 watt hour battery is underneath the
shroud here and you'll get around four
and a half hours of regular use the
keyboard is nice it feels different from
the more common chiclet keys but the
typing experience is great it's got a
cushy 2.2 millimeters of travel and it
feels really responsive the keys use
zone lighting I kind of wish that they
were individually lit and the other
thing are these page up and page down
keys so it's cool that they included
dedicated keys but because of their
positioning you're going to accidentally
hit them when you're trying to use arrow
keys so get used to them but in the
beginning you will make mistakes the
trackpad uses synaptic drivers it's the
same style of trackpad as the 15-inch
from last year light up surface which
I'll always love millions of colors to
choose from in the software it's got a
great surface texture accurate tracking
and has nice physical buttons I'm glad
they brought this trackpad to 13 inch
version going around the sides we have
audio jacks to use B threes to use B C's
the one on the back even supports a
fundable three and there's also display
outputs Ethernet
and the Alienware graphics and port so
external GPU options work right out of
the box you can use Thunderbolt three
like a razor core or you can use the
graphics amp from Alienware the webcam
up here looks okay it's not the best
image quality but it has infrared
capabilities so it works with Windows
hello to login with facial recognition
and you can set up other stuff like
sleep and security functions this unit
has the OLED panel option it's 2560 by
1440 it's bright it has ridiculously
high color gamut and it looks amazing
now I tried to do some visual
comparisons but you can't really
showcase how nice this looks over a
video games movies any kind of media
consumption looks awesome the image just
looks so rich and vibrant and blacks are
as black as they're going to get imagine
ink but the one thing to keep in mind if
you're a content creator you want to run
calibration software to tone down the
saturation as for burnin on laptop OLED
displays they supposedly have tech to
prevent this but we'll find out in time
the speakers fire out from the side and
they sound pretty nice they stay clear
up to around 80% volume base isn't
strong there's no subwoofer but most
people will be happy with this audio
system the performance is solid my
biggest complaints about last year's
Alienware 13 was their CPU choice they
went with a dual-core ultrabook
processor this year they went with a
quad-core the skylake 6700 HQ and it
also has the GTX 1060 the combination of
these two can easily handle most of the
current generation 3d titles at 1080p on
a 13-inch screen it's pretty tough to
see the resolution benefits of 1440p in
games so I benchmark everything at 1080p
battlefield one runs at around 85 frames
per second on ultra graphics at 1080p
and this has to be one of the best
looking games of 2016 Shadow Warrior 2
runs at around 60 frames per second same
deal for settings ultra graphics at
1080p and then witcher 3 is still one of
the most demanding titles out there and
at max graphic settings we're looking at
around 40 maybe 45 frames per second at
1080p
now if you want more details about
gaming performance stay till the end of
the video
4k video edits are a breeze and fully V
are capable it's crazy it's a 13-inch
gaming laptop that crashes VR I couldn't
detect any cpu throttling in games and
even when running benchmark loops in 3d
mark this thing kept its clock speed up
the fans spin when it's idle but it's
very quiet you can't really hear it and
under load it's louder but it's still a
very tolerable sound heat output very
comfortable to use even under load the
thermal management here is on point
so with the new aw 13 you're getting a
very well-built laptop in a relatively
dense package the OLED display option is
bright and vibrant it's like the best
looking laptop screen I've played games
on if the keyboard is comfortable to use
and feels really responsive when gaming
the trackpad lights up and is also
really good the skylake i7 and the gtx
1060 deliver great performance and are
very well cooled the RAM and the drives
are easy to access an upgrade and the 76
watt hour battery will last year around
four and a half hours of regular use ok
I think Alienware did a fantastic job
with this thing it probably deserves to
win the most improved laptop of 2016 it
still has its limitations it's a 13 inch
device so you're not going to get maxed
out big-screen gaming but there's very
little I dislike about this laptop maybe
it's weight but if you want to see more
gaming performance check the video
description below I made something
special hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it
subs have you loved it it's been nice
I'll see you guys next time
[Music]